Steps to Follow

1.  Compile Monte  Carlo: Open  a  console, change  to the  Montecarlo
    directory, and type the following commands:
   - 'make'
   - 'make link'

2. Modify Input  Variables: Edit the "input" file.  The only variables
   you should modify are the following:
   - 'dir': Directory to write the output.
   - 'N_save_pos': Frequency  to save the configurations  of particles
     in a data file.
   - 'N_part': Number of particles.
   - 'box': Size of  the simulation box. Note that in  the Monte Carlo
     simulation, the walls are  not considered (only periodic boundary
     conditions are). Since the  suspension simulation will have walls
     and the  centers of the particles  cannot be closer to  the walls
     than their radius R, the box  variable in the input for the Monte
     Carlo simulation should be:
     box = Lx Ly Lz-2*R
     where  R is  the particle  radius. For  example, if  you want  to
     simulate a suspension in a box  of 30x30x30 and the radius of the
     particles  is R  = 1.0,  the input  for the  Monte Carlo  program
     should be:
     box = 30.0 30.0 28.0
   - 'rcut': The diameter of the particles.

3. Run the Monte Carlo Program: Type './montecarlo'.

4. Analyze  Output: A directory  (as specified  in the input  file) is
   created with files named 'pos00...dat', containing four columns:
   1. Particle identity
   2. x position
   3. y position
   4. z position

   The  initial  configurations  are   not  valid  because  there  are
   particles   overlapping.   After   some   time,   there   will   be
   configurations without overlaps.

5. To Check Overlaps: Navigate to the 'micro_analysis' directory and follow these steps:

   1. Modify   the  'Box(1)',  'Box(2)',  and   'Box(3)'  inputs  in
     'main.f90'. 'Box(1)' and 'Box(2)' should match those of the Monte
      Carlo simulation. The  value of 'Box(3)' does not  matter as long
      as it is  much greater than the corresponding value  in the Monte
      Carlo simulation (to avoid periodic  boundary conditions in the z
      direction, where the walls will be placed in the simulation).
   2. change to the micro_analysis directory and compile by typing the
      following commands:
      - 'make'
      - 'make link'      
   3. Modify  the inputs  in the  'script.sh' file.  Specifically, the
      inputs to change are:
      - 'dir':  Path to  the  output directory  from  the Monte  Carlo
        simulation.
      - 'file_b' and 'file_e':  To analyze the desired  files, you may
        need to adjust the number of zeros in these variables.
      - Adjust the integers  in the "for" loop to  specify the desired
        particle files created by the Monte Carlo program.
   4. Run the script by typing 'ksh script.sh'.

      The  minimum  distance between  particles  is  displayed in  the
      shell.  If this  distance is  greater than  the diameter  of the
      particles for  a given configuration, that  configuration can be
      used as an initial configuration.

6. Adjust Output File: You need a  file with only three columns (x, y,
   z) instead  of four.  Additionally, translate the  entire system  by a
   distance  R in  the  z  direction to  center  the  system between  the
   walls. If the desired configuration  is in the 'pos00...dat' file, use
   the following command:

   'awk '{printf("%f %f %f \n", $2, $3, $4+R ) }' pos00...dat > pos.dat'

   where R should  be replaced with the value of  the particle radius,
   and 'pos.dat' will be the initial configuration file, to be read by
   the lubrication dynamics program.
